- [Instructor] The component section of an API definition
can include objects other than schemas.
Using the auto-completion feature,
that we can define as reusable components.
You'll notice that we're able to specify
request bodies, headers, and responses.
Let's go ahead and build out a standard response
You'll notice that we could define these errors
within each operation themselves,
buy putting a status code underneath the operation
Instead, we're going to create the response
within the component section for reusability.
The first thing we'll need to do under the response object
is name our new response.
a response named 500 API error,
and then we'll go ahead and underneath that object,
we'll define what it looks like.
so we'll say this is an unexpected error,
and then we'll go ahead and describe what the actual data
returned to the API client will look like.
So we can specify the content object
and within that we can still specify a media type.
We're going to be using json once again,
and then we start to define that schema object.
So underneath the schema object, we specify
the type of the data we're going to return,
in this case it's going to be an object,
and that object's going to contain two properties.
One being a status code, which is of type string.
so we'll say it is a 500,
returned to the API client.
This is also going to be of type string,
and we'll just provide something really generic
like this is an error.
Okay, now that we have our 500 API error described,
we can reuse it across our API definitions.
So what we'll do, is within each of our operations,
we can specify a 500 status code as a response,
and then we use the ref property
So I'm just going to go ahead and copy this,
and then navigate to our next API operation
within here, I'll specify what we return
in the event of a 500, and then we will add
our final 500 status code to our last API operation.
Now if we take a look at our documentation that was built,
we will now see the 500 response defined
within each of our operations.
So there is the 500 error that we'll return.
This is a great way to achieve a standard error response
across the APIs that you build for your organization.